[calm music]
[water sloshing]
[groans]
[ominous music]
[sword pierces flesh]
[gasping]
[panting]
[Hera] Well done.
[dramatic music plays]
Now they'll all kneel before you.
[Hera] How does it feel?
Good, doesn't it?
Huh.
[Seraphim] What is happening?
[grunts]
No!
[evil laugh]
[crackles]
[Zeus] The dreams of the Oneiri
can't be trusted.
And neither can the goddess who sent them.
[groans]
Hera's been filling your head
with false confidence…
and lies.
She blames me for what happened to you,
which is only half right.
[Zeus] Yes, I thought you'd be
better off at the palace.
But that was a mistake.
I underestimated your uncle's greed.
For that, I'm sorry.
[Zeus] That's why I've always
tried to help you.
[tense music]
[growls]
[baby cries]
[Zeus] When you were hungry…
I was the one who fed you.
When Acrisius's sons
were going to kill you…
I was the one who saved you.
[growling]
You think your mother's death
was your fault.
But it wasn't.
It was Hera's.
[wind gusts]
I tried to help your mother,
but Hera interfered.
And she led you to her.
[loud thud]
She hated your mother and loved the idea
of being cut down by her own son.
She manipulated you
and has been deceiving you ever since.
And why should I trust you?
-[clinks]
-Here.
[Zeus] Hera lords her promises over you
so you'll do her bidding.
I offer it freely.
So that justice may be served.
What is this?
It's where you'll find your vengeance.
[dramatic music intensifies]
[tense music]
[tense, ominous music]
[screaming]
[thunderous choral music]6
[Chiron] This is it.
The Fields of the Dead.
Poisoned by the blood of the giants.
[Chiron] This is where the gods
fought them.
[distant thunder]
You can see where Zeus's bolts
tore apart the earth.
Here I thought they were
just cracks in the ground.
Once we cross into the mist,
there's no going back.
We'll have to move quickly, but don't run.
It'll only stir the cursed ground.
[Chiron] And above all, don't turn around.
If you do…
it will cost you your life.
Do you understand?
That's a lot of rules.
Those rules will save your life.
-Now, get ready.
-[Alexia] No.
You've done your part.
-But I--
-Go home.
Your people need you.
We can't risk…
everything you have up there.
You never did listen.
[ominous music]
Good luck.
[groans]
[gasps]
[eerie music]
[distant rustling]
[Evios] No, don't.
They're not real.
What if you're wrong?
I'm never wrong.
[snarling]
[ominous music]
[demons growling]
[ominous music grows louder]
[tense music]
[hisses]
[dramatic music]
[gasping]
I can't believe it.
Look at you.
No.
[woman] I love you.
Please!
[gasps]
[Alexia] Ah.
She'd be alive if it wasn't for you.
[man] You owe her that!
No. You're not my parents.
[Alexia panting]
[gasping]
[Kofi] You had me worried
back in the Fields.
I thought you were going to turn.
I almost did.
[epic music]
[intense ominous music]
-Is that real?
-I don't know.
-[grunts]
-[gasping]
[growls]
And that answers that.
[gentle howl]
What are you doing here?
Returning the favor.
Do you have the map?
Let's finish this.
[howling]
[ominous music]
[footsteps approaching]
I knew this day would come.
[Acrisius] There's not much to say.
I saw an opportunity and took it.
You would have done the same.
[Seraphim] No.
I would never kill…
a child.
Then I was right.
You are weak.
[babbles]
[cries]
Are you just going to stand there?
Where's the boy?
[shocking music sting]
That was for the woman who raised me.
[groans]
That was for her sister.
Aah!
How does it feel?
[gasps]
That's what they felt!
What I felt!
And now…
-you.
-[groans]
-[grunts]
-[thwacks]
[frantic music]
[panting]
[panting continues]
[Seraphim screaming]
[scrapes]
[intense choral music]
How deep in the Earth are we?
Deep enough to fall out of the bottom.
Quiet!
According to the map…
the giant remains…
should be right over there.
This isn't right.
[growling]
Looks like my god
is more clever than your god.
[growls]
[footsteps approaching]
You moved the giant remains.
I'm tired of being a pawn.
Aren't you, brother?
Why should they rule over us?
They're more flawed than we are.
Look at what they've done to us.
They've ruined our lives!
Our mother is dead because of them!
[Seraphim]
Don't you want to avenge her death?
Join me, brother.
We can have our vengeance
and end the reign of the gods.
So you can rule?
So that what happened to us
never happens again.
This…
is the only way.
No, it's not.
Zeus can undo what's been done to you.
He can convert you back.
[scoffs]
For the sake of our mother,
I will ask you one last time.
Join me, or you'll leave me no choice.
[Seraphim] You are either with me…
or against me.
If that is what the choice must be…
I'm against you.
[snarls]
[ominous music]
[growling]
[scrapes]
Argh!
[thunderous choral music]
[Heron] Let's go! Run!
[rumbling]
[whistles]
Hop on!
[Alexia and Kofi grunt]
[body thuds]
[groans]
[murmurs]
[gentle howl]
[Seraphim groaning]
What are you doing?
Do as I asked, or I won't ask again.
[Hera] Is that clear?
[gentle howl]
[epic music]
[whooshes]
[clanks]
[tragic music]
[horse neighs]
[explodes]
[intense choral music]
[thuds]
[loud bang]
[waves crashing]
[splashes]
[light music]
[burbling]
[choral music]
[metal squealing]
[ominous music]
[intense, ominous choral music]
[loud thud]
[crashes]
[grunts]
[burbling]
[loud thud]
[slashing]
[grunts]
[dramatic music]
[panting]
[majestic choral music]
[whirring]
[rumbling]
[Zeus] She's…
gone mad.
[Hermes] Zeus!
I have an urgent message from Hera.
What is it?
Argh!
[smashes]
[laughter]
[laughing]
[crow cawing]
-[pants]
-[groans]
[Heron] No!
[gasps, coughs]
[ominous music]
[screeches]
[growls]
[gasping]
[loud roaring]
[panting]
[ominous music climaxing]
[foreboding choral music]
[closing theme music]